Many a meales and hand grenades Do do do do do do Everyone's skinny and overweight  Do do do do do yeah I don't know If livin is worth the fight So sometimes I just don't ChorusIt's such a beautiful world Time stoods still for each one of us Ooh maybe I'm no hero But I can't help myself  I need a reason to smile today Do do do do do do People are pregnant and underpaid Do do do do do do yeah I don't know If learnin is worth the timeSo sometimes I just don't And baby I don't know If giving is worth the love Oh loveAll the birds, all the babies All the trees in the spring All the joy that it brings All the top 10 centerfolds All the joy, all the babies All the trees in the spring All the love that it brings  I can't help myself
I had my dreams woken Man I almost got some I had my car stolen Now my radios gone I had this fine woman I couldn't get none It seems like the world is up against me For something I've done I still got my mind, still got my music baby I'm a be alright All of my bills are pilin cause I spent what I owe I wasn't invited to any parties, so I'm throwing my own Can't get a job cause I ain't been lookin for one I'm a be alright I'm a keep on dancinI'm a get the champange all to myself I'm a be alright I'm a keep it movin I'm a give this love all over the world And on and on Here she comes hawkin She's tire as all hell She's lookin at me for somethin The sheeba can't tell I'm on my mind I sit at my radio all day baby I'm a be alright
It is been a long day without you, my friend And I will tell you all about it when I see you again We have come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Hey Damn, who knew? All the planes we flew Good things we've been through That I'll be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up Look at things different, see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place see you in a better place Uh How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again I see you again We've come a long way yeah, we came a long way from where we began you know we started Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again let me tell you When I see you again Aah oh, aah oh Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Yeah First you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turn to a friendship A friendship turn to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost and the love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first hen the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reach So remember me when I'm gone remember me when I'm gone How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take, will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Aah oh Uh Aah oh Yeah Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Ya, ya When I see you again Uh See you again Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Yeah, yeah, uh-huh When I see you again
Hello, it is me I was wondering if after all these years you would like to meet To go over everything They say that times supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who we used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it fel Before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart But it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk about myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened? It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time So hello from the other side other side I must have called a thousand times thousand times To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home Hello from the outside outside At least I can say that I've tried I've tried To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart But it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Highs, highs, highs, highs, lows, lows, lows, lows Anymore Highs, highs, highs, highs, lows, lows, lows, lows Anymore Highs, highs, highs, highs, lows, lows, lows, lows Anymore Highs, highs, highs, highs, lows, lows, lows, lows Anymore Hello from the other side other side I must have called a thousand times thousand times To tell you I'm sorry for everything that I've done But when I call you never seem to be home Hello from the outside outside At least I can say that I have tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry for breaking your heart But it don't matter, it clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore
I heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be reminded That for me it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said,Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead,Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts inste-ad, You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised In a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I'd hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be reminded That for me it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish no thing but the best for you too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead Nothing compares No worries or cares Regrets and mistakes They are memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead,Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
Every day we tell each other That this day will be the last And tomorrow we all can go home free And all this will finally end Palestine tomorrow will be free No mother no father to wipe away my tears That’s why I won’t cry I feel scared but I won’t show my fearsI keep my head high Deep in my heart I never have any doubt that Palestine tomorrow will be free I saw those rockets and bombs shining in the sky Like drops of rain in the sun’s light Takin away everyone dear to my heart Destroying my dreams in a blink of an eye What happened to our human rights What happened to the sanctity of life And all those other lies I know that I’m only a child But is your conscience still alive I will caress with my bare hands Every precious grain of sand Every stone and every tree Cuz no matter what they do They can never hurt you Cuz your soul will always be FREE
Light a candle Turn all the lights down low Baby lets just lose control Lose control I can handle Every single curve, you know That I love you, let me show you Oh Fall into me Let me breathe the air you breathe I can take you anywhere you want to be When it comes to us Every single touch is something special When we're wrapped up in those sheets Yeah we're winning, we're losing When we're losing sleep Real life When it's this good don't you know We don't need to dream at all Baby so Fall into me Let me breathe the air you breathe I can take you anywhere you want to be When it comes to us Every single touch is something special When we're wrapped up in those sheets Yeah we are winning, we are losing When we are losing sleep When we are losing sleep, yeah Fall into me Let me breathe the air you breathe I can take you anywhere you want to be, yeah When it comes to us Every single touch is something special When we're wrapped up in those sheets Yeah we're winning, we're losing When we're losing sleep When we're losing sleep, yeah Yeah we're winning when we're losing Light a candle Turn all the lights down low
Do you wanna build a snowman? Come on lets go and play I never see you anymore, come out the door It's like you've gone away We used to be best buddies and now were not I wish you would tell me why Do you wanna build a snowman? It doesn't have to be a snowman Do you wanna build a snowman? Or ride our bike around the halls? I think some company is overdue I've started talking to the pictures on the walls *spoken* Hang in there Joan It's gets a little lonely, all these empty rooms Just watching the hours tick by Please, I know you're in there People are asking where you've been They say have courage and I'm trying to I'm right out here for you, just let me in We only have each other, it is just you and me What are we gonna do? Do you wanna build a snowman?
What's the issue, dear? Why are you holding back from such a man? Is it the clumpy way he walks? Or the grumpy way he talks? Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped Weirdness of his feet? And though we know he washes Well-he always ends up sort of smelly. But you'll never meet a fellow who's as Sensitive and sweet! So he's a bit of a fixer upper, So he's got a few flaws. Like his peculiar brain dear,  His thing with the reindeer. That's a little outside of nature's laws! Small Group of Trolls: So he's a bit of a fixer upper, but this we're certain of You can fix this fixer upper Up with a little bit of love! Can we please just Stop talking about this? We've got a real, actual problem here. I'll say! So tell me, dear Is it the way that he runs scared? Or that he is socially impaired? Or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods - what?! Are you holding back your Fondness due to his unmanly blondness? Or the way he covers Up that he's the honest goods? He's just a bit of a fixer upper, He's got a couple of bugs His isolation is confirmation Of his desperation for human hugs So he's a bit of a fixer upper, But we know what to do The way to fix up this fixer upper Is to fix him up with you! ENOUGH! She is engaged to someone else, okay?! (beat) So she's a bit of a fixer upper, That's a minor thing. Her quote 'engagement' is a flex arrangement. And by the way I don't see no ring! So she's a bit of a fixer upper, Her brain's a bit betwixt. Get the fianceé out of the way and The whole thing will be fixed! We're not sayin' you can change him, 'Cause people don't really change. We're only saying that love's a force That's powerful and strange. People make bad choices if they're mad, Or scared, or stressed. Throw a little love their way. Throw a little love their way. Bulda and Female Trolls: And you'll bring out their best.True love brings out their best! Everyone's a bit of a fixer upper, That's what it's all about! Father! Sister! Male Troll 6: Brother! We need each other to raise Us up and round us out. Everyone's a bit of a fixer upper, But when push comes to shove. The only fixer upper fixer That can fix up a fixer upper is True! true! True, true, true! Love (True love) Love, love, love, love, love Love! (True love!) True... You're getting married! Love!
The window is open, so's that door I didn't know they did that anymore Who knew we owned eight thousand salad plates? For years I've roamed these empty halls Why have a ballroom with no balls? Finally they're opn'ing up the gates There'll be actual real live people It'll be totally strange Wow, am I so ready for this change 'Cause for the first time in forever There'll be music, there'll be light For the first time in forever I'll be dancing through the night Don't know if I'm elated or gassy But I'm somewhere in that zone Cause for the first time in forever I won't be alone I can't wait to meet everyone! (gasp) What if I meet... the one? Tonight imagine me gown and all Fetchingly draped against the wall The picture of sophisticated grace Ooh! I suddenly see him standing there A beautiful stranger, tall and fair I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face But then we laugh and talk all evening, Which is totally bizarre Nothing like the life I've met so far Cause' for the first time in forever There'll be magic, there'll be fun For the first time in forever I could be noticed by someone And I know it is totally crazy To dream I'd find romance But for the first time in forever At least I've got a chance Don't let them in, don't let them see Be the good girl you always have to be Conceal, don't feel, put on a show Make one wrong move and everyone will know But it's only for today It's only for today It's agony to wait It's agony to wait Tell the guards to open up the gate The gate For the first time in forever Don't let them in, don't let them see I'm getting what I'm dreaming of Be the good girl you always have to be A chance to change my lonely world Conceal A chance to find true love Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know I know it all ends tomorrow, So it has to be today 'Cause for the first time in forever For the first time in forever Nothing's in my way!
Born of cold and winter air And mountain rain combining This icy force both foul and fair Has a frozen heart worth mining So cut through the heart, cold and clear Strike for love and strike for fear See the beauty, sharp and sheer Split the ice apart And break the frozen heart Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go! Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go! Beautiful! Powerful! Dangerous! Cold! Ice has a magic, can't be controlled Stronger than one, stronger than ten Stronger than a hundred men! Hyup! Born of cold and winter air And mountain rain combining This icy force both foul and fair Has a frozen heart worth mining Cut through the heart, cold and clear Strike for love and strike for fear There's beauty and there's danger here Split the ice apart Beware the frozen heart.
Really? I'm guessing you don't have much experience with heat. Nope! But sometimes I like to close my eyes, and imagine what it'd be like when summer does come Bees'll buzz, kids'll blow dandelion fuzz And I'll be doin' whatever snow does in summer A drink in my hand, my snow up against the burning sand Prob'ly getting gorgeously tanned in summer I'll finally see a summer breeze, blow away a winter storm And find out what happens to solid water when it gets warm! And I can't wait to see, what my buddies all think of me Just imagine how much cooler I'll be in summer Da da, da doo, ah bah bah bah bah bah boo The hot and the cold are both so intense Put them together - it just makes sense! Ratdadat dad dada doo Winter's a good time to stay in and cuddle But put me in summer and I will be a - happy snowman! When life gets rough, I like to hold on to my dream Relaxing in the summer sun, just letin off steam Oh the sky would be blue, and you guys'll be there too When I finally do what frozen things do in summer I'm gonna' tell him - Don't you dare! In summer!
The snow glows white on the mountain night Not a footprint to be seen A kingdom of isolation And it looks like I'm the queen The wind is howling Like this swirling storm inside Couldn't keep it in Heaven knows I've tried Don't let them in, don't let them see Be the good girl you always have to be Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know Well, now they know Let it go, let it go Can't hold back anymore Let it go, let it go Turn away and slam the door I don't care what they're going to say Let the storm rage on The cold never bothered me anyway. It's funny how some distance, makes everything seem small, and the fears that once controlled me, can't get to me at all. It is time to see what I can do. To test the limits and break through. No right, no wrong, no rules for me! I im free! Let it go, let it go, I'm one with the wind and sky! Let it go, let it go, you'll never see me cry! Here I stand and here I'll stay! Let the storm rage on! My power flurries through the air into the ground! My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around! And one thought crystalizes like an icy blast! I'm never going back, the past is in the past. Let it go, let it go, And I'll rise like the break of dawn! Let it go, let it go, That perfect girl is gone! Here I stand in the light of day! Let the storm rage on, the cold never bothered me anyway.
I came all this way today to give us a fresh start But now that you're like wow it's all like warm in my heart I'm so glad you like it sis 'cause this is the real me You have no idea how great it feels to be free We've been falling out for way too long, so let's forget who's right And forget who's wrong Okay! Why don't you stay, there's room for family in my court Cause life's too short To always feel shut out and unloved by the sister I long to know Life's too short To never let you celebrate me, the true queen of the ice and snow Wohohooo I never understood, but now I do Life's too short to miss out on a sister like you So you'll come back, then. Back? To thaw the fjord, it's frozen over, no one can get in or out? Oh. Sooo.... I don't believe you! What?! I just assumed that you would have to... That I'll shove on the gloves, that's how your story ends?! It does ! It's just like it was, except for we'll be best friends So that's in your plan to force me back in a cage  Whoa, whoa! Don't get upset let's get back on the same page Gee, thanks for coming up to see the place And showing off your mastery of tact and grace, okay! Run down the hill and spill my secrets, make a full report! Bye-bye! Wait! Cause life's too short  There it is! The door you'd love to slam in my face! You did well there for a spell, but now you're back in the same place Kick me out if you want, but I'm the only one who is Not one hundred percent convinced the prophecy's you!  You can think whatever you want 'cause I don't care You're a fool who married a stranger! That is so unfair I swear I'm through with taking your unshaking sisterly support! HAH! Life's too short! To let you treat the people down there just as coldly as you always treated me  La la lalala laaaa Life's too short! To listen to a reckless fool who only sees the things she wants to see You don't know You have no idea What I've been through Because of you Life's too short to waste another minute Life's too short to even have you in it Life's too short I've been so wrong about you You?! You've been so wrong about everything. Maybe you are the prophecy! I am NOT the prophecy!
Okay, can I just, say something crazy? I love crazy! All my life has been a series of doors in my face And then suddenly I bump into you I was thinking the same thing! Cause like I've been searching my whole life to find my own place And maybe it's the party talking or the chocolate fondue But with you But with you I found my place I see your face And it's nothing like I've ever known before Love is an open door Love is an open door Love is an open door With youWith you With you With you Love is an open door I mean it's crazy What? We finish each other's Sandwiches That's what I was gonna say! I've never met someone Who thinks so much like me Jinx! Jinx again! Our mental synchronization Can have but one explanation You And I Were Just Meant to be Say goodbye Say goodbye To the pain of the pastWe don't have to feel it any more Love is an open door Love is an open door Life can be so much more With you With you With you With you Love is an open door Can I say something crazy? Will you marry me? Can I say something even crazier? Yes! 
Spare...? Am I really just the spare? I'm not part of the town, not born to be queen Just somebody hopelessly inbetween She's the scolar, athlete, poet I'm the screw up, don't I know it But then who could ever compare? Of course they're gonna think I'm just the spare Well I won't care So I'm the extra button on a coat In case an other one comes lose But if I have to be a button Why can't I be a button that's of use, oops! I may lack style and I may lack grace And once in a while I fall on my face But this little button deserves a place in the sky This button wants to fly Wait, buttons can't fly, it doesn't make any sense! So I'm a rusty horseshoe hanging up Over somebody's old barn door And I'll be hanging there forever Just wishing the horse had one leg more And maybe I can't be the perfect one And maybe I air on the side of fun But horseshoes need a chance to run somewhere This horseshoe is more than just a spare Someday I'll find my thing A thing that's on my own That thing that makes me part of something Not just all alone If only all this feeling I have in my heart Could mean something to someone, how I'd love to play that part So I'm just the second born sister Who most of the time ignores Like a button, like a horseshoe Like a girl who's bad at metaphors Maybe I don't have a magic touch And maybe I don't have a talent as such Just this heart with much, too much to share So I'll never be the heir, but I'm more than just a spare
Reindeers are better than people Sven, don't you think that's true? Yeah, people will beat you and curse you and cheat you Every one of em's bad, except you But people smell better than reindeers Sven, don't you think I'm right? That's once again true, for all except you. Let's call it a night Good night. Don't let the frostbite bite
Winter's gone and spring is springing Shine's the sun with warm the whole Ding dong! Ding dong! Chapel bells are ringing We're done with being cold Flower's a bloom with odors pleasent All of Arendelle is glad Mother Earth we thank for the present Spring's good and Winter's bad. Winter's gone and spring is springing Shine's the sun with warm the whole Ding dong! Ding dong! Chapel bells are ringing We're done with being cold Good! And exant group. Narrorator's come down stage with confidence! Well celebrate spring We know once it's here The ancient troll prophecy won't come to pass us here Phew What is this prophecy? What does it say? Well that is the subject of our little play! Where are my trolls? I need my trolls! Your future is bleak Your kingom will splinter Your land shall be cursed in unending winter... STOP! Stop these shannanigans! This is not some sill comedy Neils Norberg, this is the Trolls' Prophecy. This could be our fate. Give me your gum. Take it from "Your Future is bleak". Your future is bleak Your kingom will splinter Your land shall be cursed with unending winter Good. Going on. With blasts of cold will come dark art And a ruler With a frozen heart! Then all will perish in snow and Ice! Pageant Kids 3,4&5: Unless you are freed with a sword sacrafice!  What's a sword sacrifice? Beats me Quiet! But Frozen starvation is not todays fate! Plus we have an extra special cause to celebrate! The most gracious, gorgeous, smartest, kindest, absolutely perfect... That will do. Role model this land has ever seen! Princess Elsa! I really love her. Becomes our queen!!Look! There she is!
Hello little baby, you're princess just like me But you're thinking maybe it's a pretty cool thing to be But soon you'll see that everyone expects a lot from you They'll say that there are things a princess should and shouldn't do But you and me, we, we know better 1,2,3 together, clap together, snap together You and me together, knees together, freeze together Up or down together, princess crown together Always be together, you and me 1, 2, 3 together, clap together, snap together You and me together, knees together, freeze together Up or down together, princess crown together Always be together, you and me  They say a princess is full of charm and grace They say she always knows her place They say a princess wears pink and frilly clothes They say she never laughs and snores milk out her nose They say she's calm, they say she's kind They say she never speaks her mind or freezes nanny's big behind But you and me, we, we know better You girls are in so much trouble, when I'm gonna tell your father! How come you can do that and I can't? I don't know, I wish you could though... They say a princess is super duper sweet She doesn't fight she doesn't sweat And you never see her eat  They say a princess doesn't climb and scr*pe her knee They say a princess wouldn't freeze her tutor's tea  They say she's poised  They say she's fair  She never mentions underwear  Or longs to see the world out there But you and me, we, have big ideas of our own or the distance someday when we're grown When I'm queen And I'm your right hand You'll get to travel Throughout the land I'll tell them of my sister and the magic things she can do We'll take care of our people and they will love Me and you No one can tell us what a princess should be As long as we're together, you and me
Other people walk through life where you prefer to skip And other people watch their step where you'll most likely trip Sure, your hair's not perfect, And there's what's-that on your clothes Yeah, you're kinda talkative With freckles on your nose. But you're you...you-you, And that's what makes me smile. You're you...you-you So stay that way awhile. Oh, Hans... I- You don't have to say a thing, I know the way you feel. You're face is like an open book; so honest true and real. Other people lie and cheat, One push may come to shove. Your heart doesn't work like that, So you're the girl I love. You're you...you-you, That's how I hope you stay. You're you...you-you. But anyway, that's all I've got to say.
I'm a petty thief And what I find I keep I was supposed to Set an example But I am a vandal Yeah the paper's nice But it's the rush I like You don't care, about the money When you're adrenaline junkie Words will chain me, after they Let me loose And realise that maybe there are Small crimes But, some things I just Wouldn't do My thighs burn Sometimes I just Can't keep to And if I gave it up, would I still be a thug? You don't choose to play the bad guy It's in your bloodline And I left my heart, at the scrap metal yard You don't get to be human, when you're a hooligan Words will chain me, after they Let me loose And realise that maybe there are Small crimes But, some things I just Wouldn't do My thighs burn Sometimes I just Can't keep to Small crimes But, some things I just Wouldn't do My thighs burn Sometimes I just Can't keep to I'm a petty thief And what I find I keep I was supposed to Set an example But I am a vandal
I'm a new soul I came to this strange world Hoping I could learn a bit bout how to give and take But since I came here Felt the joy and the fearFinding myself making every possible mistake I'm a young soul in this very strange world Hoping I could learn a bit bout what is true and fake But why all this hate? Try to communicate Finding trust and love is not always easy to make This is a happy endCause' you don't understand Everything you have done Why's everything so wrong This is a happy end Come and give me your hand I'll take you far away I'm a new soul I came to this strange world Hoping I could learn a bit bout how to give and take But since I came here Felt the joy and the fearFinding myself making every possible mistake 
All I want is nothing more To hear you knocking at my door Cause if I could see your face once more I could die a happy man I'm sure When you said your last goodbye I died a little bit inside I lay in tears in bed all night Alone without you by my side But if you loved me Why'd you leave me? Take my body Take my body All I want is,And all I need isTo find somebody.I'll find somebody like you.Oh oh So you brought out the best of me, A part of me I've never seen.You took my soul and wiped it clean.Our love was made for movie screens.But if you loved me Why'd you leave me? Take my body, Take my body. All I want is, And all I need is To find somebody.I'll find somebody.I'll find somebody like you.
Real Friends I found myself in a late night drives Without a destination All I had were thoughts about the past And a list of my favorite songs to keep me company But I still struggle and lose myself everyday I always find myself lost in every line of all these songs But I felt better when I saw that this is life And in life were gonna cry In life were gonna lose sleep Were gonna feel helpless But thats how its got to be When you lose yourself you'll find what you're looking for I'm growing past who I used to be
I had a little monkey I sent him to the country and I fed him on gingerbread Along came a choo choo, knocked my monkey coo-coo And now my monkey's dead At least he looks that way, but then again don't we all? (what I make is what I am, I can't be forever) I had a little monkey I sent him to the country and I fed him on gingerbread Along came a choo choo, knocked my monkey coo-coo And now my monkey's dead Poor little monkey make you...break you...make you...break you...lookout(what I make is what I am, I can't be forever) We are out own wicked gods With little "g's" and big dicks Sadistic and constantly inflicting a slow demise I sent him to the country and I fed him on gingerbread Along came a choo choo, knocked my monkey coo-coo And now my monkey's dead The primate's scream of consonance is a reflection Of his own mind's dissonance
I put a spell on you Cause you're mine You better stop the things you do I ain't lyin' No I ain't lyin' You know I can't stand it You're runnin' around You know better daddy I can't stand it cause you put me down Yeah, Yeah I put a spell on you Because you're mine You're mine I love ya I love you I love you I love you anyhow And I don't care If you don't want me I'm yours right now You hear me I put a spell on you Because you're mine
All simple monkeys with alien babies  Amphetamines for boys  Crucifixes for ladies Sampled and soulless Worldwide and real webbed You sell all the living For more safer dead Anything to belong Rock is deader than dead Shock is all in your head Your sex and your dope is all that were fed So fuck all your protests and put them to bed God is in the T.V. 1,000 mothers are praying for it We're so full of hope And so full of shit Build a new god to medicate and to ape Sell us ersatz dressed up and real fake Anything to belong Rock is deader than dead
The beauty spot was borrowed and Now my sweet knife rusts tomorrow.I'm a confession that is waiting to be heard. Burn your empty rain down on me Whisper your deathbeat so softly We bend our knees At the altar of my ego You drained my heart And made a spade But there's still traces of me in your veins You drained my heart And made spade But there's still traces of me in your veins All my lilies' mouths are open Like they're begging for dope And hoping Their bitter petal chant, We can kick, you won't be back." I'm a diamond that is tired Of all the faces I've acquired We must secure the shadow Ere the substance fades You drained my heart And made a spade But there's still traces of me in your veins You drained my heart And made a spade But there's still traces of me in your veins And we said 'til we die 
It was great at the very start Hands on each other Couldn't stand to be far apart Closer the better Now we're picking fights and slamming doors Magnifying all our flaws And I wonder why, wonder what for Why we keep coming back for more Is it just our bodies? Are we both losing our minds? Is the only reason you're holding me tonight Cause we're scared to be lonely? Do we need somebody just to feel like we're alright? Is the only reason you're holding me tonight Cause we're scared to be lonely? Too much time, losing track of us Where was the real? Undefined, spiraling out of touch Forgot how it feels All the messed up fights and slamming doors Magnifying all our flaws And I wonder why, wonder what for It's like we keep coming back for more Is it just our bodies? Are we both losing our minds? Is the only reason you're holding me tonight Cause we're scared to be lonely? Do we need somebody just to feel like we're alright? Is the only reason you're holding me tonightCause we're scared to be lonely? Scared to be lonely Even when we know it's wrong Been somebody better for us all along Tell me, how can we keep holding on? Holding on tonight 'cause we're scared to be lonely Even when we know it's wrong Been somebody better for us all along Tell me, how can we keep holding on? Holding on tonight 'cause we're scared to be lonely Is it just our bodies? Are we both losing our minds? Is the only reason you're holding me tonight Cause we're scared to be lonely? Scared to be lonely Scared to be lonely Scared to be lonely Eh, eh, scared to be lonely
Cause I’m tired of all this talking Cause everything you hear is empty words But who am I, oh to say this Cause everything you hear is just words, yeah You have to trust in someone, trust in someone, trust in someone Cause the truth is Cause all I need, is to see you blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I feel, is that I need you to blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I need, is to see you blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I feel, is that I need you to blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And I'm tired of constant sorrow Cause everything you get, is just worse So what's the point, in going somewhere When everyone you see, is just nothing but confused You have to trust in someone, trust in someone, trust in someone Cause the truth is Cause all I need, is to see you blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I feel, is that I need you to blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I need, is to see you blossom out, blossom out, blossom out And all I feel, is that I need you to blossom out, blossom out, blossom out 'Cause all I need, is to see you blossom out blossom out blossom out And all I feel, is that I need you to blossom out blossom out blossom out To blossom out, blossom out, blossom out To blossom out, blossom out, blossom out